I had been having some connection and turning-on issues with my speaker recently. And, It has totally stopped working 3 weeks ago.
I have bought this JBL Xtreme 2 on via Amazon after I wasn’t satisfied with my JBL Pulse 3. Xtreme 2 is only used at home, in living room environment. Sound quality was OK, not as good as it is advertised.
Customer Service is TERRIBLE. They haven’t replied my emails for the last two weeks.
I bought 2 of JBL products in a year and they ended up either not working or working with poor quality. Buy another brand.
What a disappointment, to discover that the shoulder strap did not come in the box. and now ?
This speaker could be summed up in many words but I'll use amazing. If you do not say "Wow" when you crank this beast up; I would be shocked. The sound is clear. The base is great. It was a fair bit of cash to buy but for me it is worth every cent. If you have the cash, then just buy it. I live about 14 houses from a main street and I think that if I crank this speaker up then those cars driving by would hear it. JBL you really packed a punch with this one.
The sound quality on this device is pretty excellent. The battery life is definitely long lasting, I got to use it 4-5 times before I had to charge it. I would recommend this speaker to bring outside if your purpose is to bring to the beach or patio lounging. Not one to travel and carry around though as it's a bit heavy for that. Make sure to purchase for the purpose and you'll be happy with it.
Plus is that the battery life is a little better than advertised, it sounds, I think, better at higher volumes or very low volumes, with highs becoming clearer at higher volumes. Lots of bottom end, though it can get muddy, the bottom has better clarity at lower levels.
It's a little heavy but not terribly so. I like to do 'rock n walks' where we put on some tunes and go hiking. It wears on the shoulder after a bit. it is waterproof from what I have seen, been in the rain and no issues she just keeps on pumping the toons out.
I don't like that you need a proprietary charging wall plug as the ONLY way to recharge. This is a big minus for me. I could be on the fence about the sound quality as certain styles of music sound better than others through it. But this is unforgivable in an age where EVERYTHING charges though USB and we all have ample cables and wall adapters etc.
Really like it overall, its going to do what you need it to. I got this for one reason, my Marley Bag O'Riddim is too delicate to take to the beach or out and about. It has the BEST sound quality of ANY bluetooth speaker I have ever used. But it is delicate, the speaker cones are exposed, and I would say rain would certainly hurt it's case. So, the JBL fills a niche that I didn't know I needed filled.
Watch for it on sale, it's a much better value when the first digit is a 2xx and not a 3xx.
All in all, it's good. I have given it 4 stars. Worth it when on sale, but not at full price. Sound quality is better than average for certain styles of music, and other styles it falls short in clarity. Highs are really only cutting through at higher volumes and bass clarity is best when at lower volumes but gets muddy and loses it's clairity at higher volumes.
For days at the beach, or nights around the fire, this speaker will get used and enjoyed, and the battery life, on a full charge, will ensure that you can keep the jams going.
Would like to have a hand strap instead of a shoulder strap because I move it more short distance movement.
Was a little heavy and awkward to move it without a hand strap from room to room or short distance
All in all I would definitely recommend it and buy it again. I plan on fabricating my own Strap.
My jbl Xtreme 2 power key stopped working 16 days after I purchased. And Amazon conveniently just said our replacement gaurentee only covers 15 days, and refused to replace the product even though it was only 1 day extra. JBL service center did not have the said part available and it took them nearly 2 months to get the required key and replace it.
This experience is an eye-opener that Amazon should not be trusted with expensive products as in retail you can replace the product if faulty for 30 days (Harman JBL service center guys told me), also within the terms is overlooking a few days delay if the problem is genuine, whereas Amazon customer executives refused to help in anyway possible.
The sound of this product is Rich in bass and has a great deapth. But all the other problems has made regret this purchase from Amazon.
Superb Speakers. No Issues - Build & Sound Quality, Feel, Battery life. Sound quality is something you can feel. Battery life is also good. Product is durable and very sturdy. If you love listening high quality music, then, size should be a concern. Used on daily basis for inhouse. Bought during the October sale, very good discount offer by Amazon. Great Job!!
missing the speaker charger and the cables that were in my box only comes the speaker and in the deciptio did not put any of this !!!!
I ordered a few BT speakers to test as all the review sites made me go nuts trying to determine which one to choose. I did my own test and compared 5 of them (JBL Charge4 and Xtreme2, Doss Soundbox XL, UE Megablast, w-king) (See my reviews on the other models if you want my detailed feedback on what I heard... open to other questions and happy to help if needed).
As mentioned, tested with others. When I switched from device to device, even my wife said "that's obviously the most expensive one"... it was that noticeable. Pricey, but worth every penny. I needed to get a speaker that was portable and could deliver in a medium sized outdoor facility. The bass just punches through. I couldn't believe what this little pill could do. Compared to the others, obvious winner, but not by far when measured against the Doss and smaller brother the Charge4. The Charge4, equally as balanced in sound, and great bass kick for size, but needed just a little more, and got that from this JBL X2. I have no regrets with this purchase. if this is too much $$$, look at the Doss, UE Megablast and Charge4. All excellent as well.
These are excellent quality speakers. I got two of them and love that I can use the app to not just connect them, but to have one as the right channel, and one as the left. (though the JBL app is really buggy... a different issue). Sound quality is good, and battery life great.
I didn't like the strap that the speaker comes with, so ended up making my own using a velcro strap to make it a shorter carrying handle - works like a charm (see photo). Their strap design is poor, IMHO. I don't need a shoulder strap, just a handle to move it around, as it is not as easily picked up as the smaller speakers. And who wants a shoulder strap kicking around when the speaker is in use - looks messy.
Agree with other reviews in here.
The product is just okay and only while it works. When you have issues, they're customer support in Canada is non-existent!
I've reached out via form in the jbl.ca website and it ends up in their US support, which tries redirecting you to support in Canada.
I've sent numerous emails and haven't heard back to even try and start the warranty claim.
I also called and got transferred TWICE only to end up hitting someone's voicemail. Tried calling again two other times and the call gets answered by an IVR. I have already left two voicemails.
Very disappointing and frustrating.
The back cover is extremely hard to open and it has to be pried open whenever you have to charge it or have concerns around water. I have a JBL Charge 3 and I'm extremely lucky and never had issues with it.
Now, after 10 months and NOT a lot of use, I have to press the power button multiple times to, sometimes, turn it on.
Stay away from JBL in Canada! I'm at risk of losing my warranty because they are completely unresponsive.
I’m disappointed by sound quality... I usually run Two Harmon Kardon Onyx synced which sound incredible but they’re NOT waterproof and NOT as portable. So I WAS prepared for lesser sound quality in exchange for waterproof and portability. Bluetooth works awesome, battery lasts and lasts, looks great and sounds okay.
Excellent replacement for our xtreme 1 (now requiring to always be plugged in) which actually had deeper lows. After being a big fan of these xtreme series speakers was looking to purchase xtreme 3 and then sound link them together. Unfortunately, none of the different xtremes actually link. (connect, connect +, and party mode) Kinda bummed.
I can hear this speaker from the opposite side of my house with the heavy base making it hard to listen to quietly at night in your room I got the camo and love the design though the exposed speakers make me nervous but its a bit on the heavy side but I carry in my backpack and you can still hear it pretty clearly
I personally have a Marshall kilburn and a Marshall Woburn Bluetooth speakers, this one lands smack dab in the middle with a price point lower than the killburn. Full bass, and warm sound. The Marshall is a bit clearer sounding, ( both speakers) but the output and full bass as well as the waterproof rating make this one a great all around speaker. Only draw back is that the bass is cut once the wall plug is removed, I am sure to improve battery life. If running this speaker plugged in, not much to complain about.
Already own the JBL Flip 4, which is an amazing speaker. Great big, clear sound with decent bass at lower volume and extremely portable.
Really wanted the JBL Boombox 2 , but the plan is to carry it everyday for about 20 min. Because of that I settled on the Xtreme 2. Sound is nice and clear and has better bass than the Flip 4, for obvious reasons. I'm very satisfied with the Xtreme 2 but feel that for the money it could have a little more volume and bass.
Best thing for those days at the beach or lake. Has good bass. The sound only comes out from the front. From the look of the design it seemed that the sound would come out the front and back, but it is only angled to the front where the JBL logo is, not bad just something to note.
The port hatch is tricky to open the first time, I used a key to pry it open...after that I can open and close the hatch with my hands no problem.
Think twice befor buying a Four Hundred Dollar speaker that can't be serviced if it breaks. Read the reviews...because they do break. I'm returning and going to buy two Ultimate Ears Megaboom 3's instead.
I bought the jvc extreme 3 and it sounded pretty good, bought a protective case for it never got it wet used it occasionally, took pretty good care of it, turned it on one day
NOTHING jvc does not stand behind there products, Garbage!!! Very disappointed 
A throw away. Might want to stay clear of this product!!
This product is heavier than most but the crisp and clear sound is far superior to ADMAIS GO portable bluetooth speaker I also bought to compare. You must be careful not to touch the end speakers on the JBL as they are soft and can easily be damaged. Sometimes I could kick myself for not buying the JBL BOOMBOX that has a handle made into the speaker, no straps to attach. Course it's way more expensive too. I found a great carrying case for it that I found on US Amazon that has special inner box for its adapter, cable, etc. so I have everything i need in one place. 
Great balanced sound. Bought a charge 4 before this one and returned it as it distorted way to easy at moderate volumes. Extreme 2 Plays nice and clean with much better low freq bass response. Actually use it primarily as a speaker for an occasional backyard projector speaker for outdoor movies. Works great! Watch price as it fluctuates frequently.
Sounds very good for it's size. I bought it for my 14 year old son for Christmas and he loves it! I thought that it would be able to go louder though but it's loud enough for a bedroom. The bass is decent but gets distorted when you crank it all the way up.
It's good for a portable bluetooth speaker but don't expect it to compete with a non portable speaker. This doesn't come even close to my Dr. Dre Beatbox from 8 years ago.
When I first received the JBL Xtreme2 I was not impressed. It sounded muddy with too much base. However, I have run the speaker for a couple weeks (at least 200 hours run time) and it sounds a lot better now. The speaker just needs run time to break-in. The music is a lot more clear now, with better sound stage and depth. I am happy with my purchase.
I purchased this unit to bring it into my casa next to my SPA. The unit has great sound! Personally I love it. However the BT lags when I listen to a movie or live TV. If I don't use it for 5 mins, even thou it shows I'm connected, it has no sound output until I reconnect to it. All are firmware issues that would need to be corrected, non so far from manufacturer.
